# Automatic segmentation plugin for Ouroboros

This template is designed to integrate easily with the main app in development.

A plugin consists of a React frontend and a Docker backend. It has a GitHub action that automatically runs `npm run build` and creates a release from the `dist` folder. 

The main production app has an option to download a plugin from GitHub in the plugin manager.

To get started with developing a plugin:

**Option 1:** Clone the main repository and make a folder/repository inside of the plugins folder. Push only that folder to GitHub. 

**Option 2:** If it is easier for you, copy all the contents of the `plugin-template` folder into a completely separate repository. All of the usage steps should still work.

### Usage

1. Follow the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/We-Gold/ouroboros/) to install the app in development mode.

2. Open a terminal and `cd` into your plugin's folder. Then run `npm install` to install your plugin's dependencies.

3. Start the main app in development mode: Run `npm run dev` in the main project folder. 

4. Start the plugin in development mode: Run `npm run dev` in your plugin's folder.

5. In the main app, go to the first menu dropdown and open the plugin manager. Click the plus, and paste the URL of your plugin (something like `http://localhost:5172`) in the development plugin option.

### `package.json`

The first lines of the package.json are important to identifying your plugin.

```
"name": "plugin-template",
"pluginName": "Plugin Template",
"icon": "./icon.svg",
"index": "./index.html",
"dockerCompose": "./compose.yml",
```

- `name` is considered to be the plugin `id`
- `pluginName` is the display name of the plugin
- `icon` is the **`dist`-relative** path to the icon for the plugin
- `index` is the **`dist`-relative** path to the index HTML file generated by the build
- `dockerCompose` is an optional **`dist`-relative** path to a Docker Compose file to run the plugin backend.

